a ship believed to be delivering
humanitarian Aid has been spotted off
the coast of Gaza as our correspondent
hindel hudi reports it's not yet C clear
how and when the aid will make it a
Shore for
distribution we still don't know if this
food and Aid is going to reach
600,000
Palestinians that are currently going
under severe famine according to the
world Central Kitchen who are organizing
this food Aid this Convoy has 400 tons
of food and other supplies for Goins
they said that it has enough food to
prepare more than 1 million meals it has
items such as rice pasta flour canned
vegetables and proteins but it's still
not clear how this food is going to be
distributed we also see the port that
that has been um uh built by the world
Central Kitchen we can't reach that area
it's very dangerous for us to reach that
area this is the last point where we can
reach this is hind Al at Rashid Street
Gaza